## Enhancement One: Software Engineering & Design

The artifact that I choose to enhance is called pyramid. This project is a 3d visual scene of a few shapes I created. I created this about 1 year ago. This project is a great example of software design and engineering. This was one of the most difficult courses I took in my journey. I wanted to show that even when I struggled, I still made it through the other side. This artifact show I can adapt my coding knowledge to the task at hand. I improved this project by added a few more shapes and deleted what was not need in the project. I met most of the planned enhancements I set for myself in Module One. I feel like I have a few more things I would like to touch up. For example, I would like to add a background to my scene. This would go great with the shapes I created for it. My process of enhancing my artifact was to make everything as clean and easy to follow as possible. When going through my process, I learned that sometimes its not as easy as it looks. For example, I haven’t touched this project for a long time. So, coming back to it was a little difficult to remember all the libraries I need to enhance it. My biggest issue is debugging my project. I need to get better with doing that so I can ensure my code is the best it can possibly be. 

I chose to include this artifact in my portfolio because it demonstrates my ability to use C++ and my ability to render and object by calculating its vertices and drawing hundreds of triangles. Another reason I chose this artifact is because I found it particularly interesting at the time and had researched how to improve my code not long after it’s initial submission. This turned out to be beneficial because I could use what I learned and apply it for the purposes of this class. My enhancements to this code involve adjusting the lighting, increasing the complexity of the rendered object, and creating and texturing a surrounding environment. Overall, I believe the enhancement of this artifact shows my ability to implement a design solution, solve logic problems, and work towards accomplishing a goal.

While I had studied how to enhance this artifact not too long after its original submission, I had set it to the side for a long while and forgotten most of what I learned. As a result, I had to spend quite a bit of time refamiliarizing myself with the OpenGL pipeline and how I planned to enhance my model. Fortunately, I had my notes on the vertices I originally planned to use, but ultimately scrapped due to the complexity and the possibility of exceeding the original limit of 1000 triangles. In addition to recreating my model and reworking the lighting, I also had to learn how to implement multiple textures. I ended up choosing to merge the multiple textures into one file, but had to go back and rework the texture coordinates for all of my vertices as a result.
